10/22/2019
Topics: initializer blocks:
			1. static initializer block
			2. instance initializer block
			3. constructor vs instance initializer block vs static block

package: day41_initializerBlocks
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Static members: 1. static variable
			    2. static methods
			    3. static initializer block
			    4. inner class (nested class)

Static variable: declared in the class, outside any method, WITH static keyword ( class variables )
			     shared by the class and all the objects of the class.
			

Static method: a method that can be called using class name,
			   static method belongs to the class.


Static initializer block: used for initializing static variables.

		syntax: 	static{ static variables, statements;	}

		static initializer block is executed as soon as the class is loaded or being called,
		only executed 1 time.

		static block' execution DOES NOT depend on the object, we can have multiple 
		static blocks in java, first come first serve.

		There is no object instances in any static blocks, so therefore static does not 
		accept none static members.

		In order to call none static in a static feature, we need to call it through object.


Instance initializer block:	used for initializing instance variables, belongs to object.

				{
					instance variables, statements;
				}

			instance block's execution depends on the creation of object. When the object
			is created, instance block runs first, then the constructor.


Instance variables: declared in the class, outside any methods (object)
			        each objects has its own copy of instance variables.


Static block VS Instance block VS constructor:
		
		Static block :  executed as soon as the class is loaded, executed first and only once.

		Instance block: execution depends on the creation of object, runs before the constructor.

		constructor: execution depends on the creation of object. runs after the instance block.


Thursday: 	static import, Encapsulation






